[all hosts] (Event-based activation) Reconcile Outlook and WXP autorun information (#2307)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-reference: docs/manifest/override.md

## Override element for `Runtime`

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Support for this element was introduced with the [event-based activation feature](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/event-based-activation). See [the list of supported events](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/event-based-acitvation#supported-events) to learn when support was enabled for each event in each Office application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Support for this element was introduced with the [event-based activation feature](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/event-based-activation). See [the list of supported events](/office/dev/add-ins/develop/event-based-activation#supported-events) to learn when support was enabled for each event in each Office application.
```

> An **\<Override\>** element expresses a conditional and can be read as an "If ... then ..." statement. If the **\<Override\>** element is of type **RuntimeOverride**, then the `type` attribute is the condition, and the `resid` attribute is the consequent. For example, the following is read "If the type is 'javascript', then the `resid` is 'JSRuntime.Url'." Outlook on Windows requires this element for [LaunchEvent extension point](/office/dev/add-ins/reference/manifest/extensionpoint#launchevent) and [ReportPhishingCommandSurface extension point (preview)](/javascript/api/manifest/extensionpoint) handlers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An **\<Override\>** element expresses a conditional and can be read as an "If ... then ..." statement. If the **\<Override\>** element is of type **RuntimeOverride**, then the `type` attribute is the condition, and the `resid` attribute is the consequent. For example, the following is read "If the type is 'javascript', then the `resid` is 'JSRuntime.Url'." Excel, PowerPoint, and Word on Windows and classic Outlook on Windows require this element for [LaunchEvent extension point](/office/dev/add-ins/reference/manifest/extensionpoint#launchevent) and [ReportPhishingCommandSurface extension point (preview)](/javascript/api/manifest/extensionpoint) handlers.
```

> 

Reviewer: Line 211: **Add-in type**: Document, Mail, Presentation, Workbook
